No... No.
- No. -
Help me!
Come on! -
Leave me alone!
No...
Help me...
♪ Someday. it would be nice To get away ♪
♪ Just you and I Or we could just go. my girl ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ It would be nice ♪
♪ Some time alone With you. babe ♪
♪ No one calling to come home ♪
♪ And for the rest Of our lives ♪
♪ We could go to our paradise ♪
♪ And when I Look into your eyes ♪
♪ It would be nice... ♪
You know what. let me double check.
I have band aids. bougie snacks.
Mm-hm? Okay?
Wait. did I pack the toys? Hold on. one second.
Okay. there they are!
Hey. did you check the front pocket. mija?
Tia's dulces. from back home.
A bit of sugar to keep you grounded.
Thank you. Papi. Why? Do I... Do I sound nervous?
- Come on. -No. I read an article online.
and it said that kids can sense fear. and...
No. mija. you deserve this new job.
Would it help if I tell you how proud I am?
For the millionth time?
Working there's a big deal.
Jobs in Coral Grove... not easy to get.
And they open up fast. It's high expectations.
Your ma would be proud. too.
Especially. if she saw your rate.
Enough to save up for that tuition.
I really hope so. And for you to take less shifts. too.
I wish I could do more.
I know this year hasn't been what you'd hoped for. but...
- you've got a shot here. -I've got this. Papi. I promise.
Yo! - That your brother?
Hurry up! Let's go!
Marco! Take care of your sister!
-Papi says to take care of me. -I do take care of her.
The little princess she is. Let's go. man!
- I love you. Papi. bye. - I love you. mija.
Be safe.
Ugh...
Oh. my God. You guys have to clean it up back here!
You ready? - Yeah. man.
Candy for breakfast. huh?
If you want some you can just say it.
Hey. I'll take some. Anything sugary.
That's cute. Your school hat?
-You're trying too hard. Sasha. -Okay...
Keep your smarts close to your chest.
Folks here don't like "the help" being a pain in the ass.
- Yeah. -Noted.
You're uh... You're in Karen Country now.
Ooh!
Beware of Frappuccinos and cute dogs in handbags.
Guys. I've got this.
You won't think it's funny when half the city looks like this.
with how fast they're building.
Hey. man. More jobs for us.
Yeah. I'm just saying. people here are weird.
Can't imagine what their kids are like.
Okay. you guys are good to go.
Let's go.
Mrs. Viviers did say Zaley. the girl. has behavioral issues.
Translation... spoiled! -
Weed killer's tank's loose.
I think she also went to Winscott.
so she can probably give me some advice.
Hey...
You're there to do a job. not ask for favors.
Keep your head down. know your place. Stay invisible.
It's babysitting. not special ops. Stop trying to scare me.
I'm sorry you find reality scary.
Better luck in your college bubble.
Some of us have dreams that don't involve killing weeds.
Sounds like someone's a little jealous.
Of what. student debt?
I tell you what. Sasha. You learn to change a tire.
and then we can talk.
We can go.
When I have my house here. I'll hire someone to do it for me.
Maybe you.
Well. keep dreaming and we'll keep working.
Hey. Sash? Just listen.
-To what? To you? -Nah. to this.
Oh. my God! Shut that up!
I swear. if Mrs. Viviers heard that...
Well. I'm sure she didn't. She's probably busy listening to her
- Reese Witherspoon audio book. - I can't listen to this.
Or Tibetan singing bowls in the middle of some flying yoga!
Hey!
Yeah?
Look. we are gonna be at a gig close by. alright?
And another one near the park.
so just call me if you need anything.
-Enjoy your dirt. guys. -Enjoy your diapers.
Let's dig it.
Hi. I'm Sasha... I'm Sasha.
Oh!
Come on in. honeybee.
You can't imagine
how hard it is to find a decent sitter these days.
With the neighborhood growing.
all the good ones just get gobbled up.
Oh. no. I'm just happy to be here.
It's nice to finally meet you in person. Mrs. Viviers.
Please. to you I'm Camille. Here's her tablet.
Don't let her watch anything violent. And stay indoors.
Our little energizer bunny gets amped-up
when she's outside around other kids.
- Oh. wow. -
Oh. actually. I have a survey in my backpack.
So. if Zaley has allergies or anything I should be aware of.
just let me know and I'll write it down.
Well... No junk food.
That means. no soda. sweets.
Especially no candy. she has a sensitive tummy.
It's genetic.
Just love you already. sweet pea.
I can tell you'll put our previous babysitter to shame.
Oh. I'll try my best. ma'am.
The last one just up and left. Vanished.
Suppose she never found her footing here. poor thing.
Mm...
I'll be back in a couple of hours.
Okay. yeah. Sounds good.
Does she have any. like. favorite snacks or anything?
Oh. wow. You went to school at Winscott.
Yeah. just like my daddy.
Yeah. I. uh... I actually got in last year. for a pre-med.
Wow...
You're just full of surprises.
-A word of advice. -Oh. yes. please.
Don't let a life of comfort
lull you into throwing away your dreams.
This place has a way of keeping you here.
Yeah. um...
I had to defer. It wasn't really within our means.
Kinda been a tough year.
Well. I have a dear friend that runs the scholarship program.
I'm happy to put in a good word for you.
Oh. wow. Seriously? That would be a gamechanger. Genuinely.
If you can survive the day with my baby.
- Oh. right. -
Come say hi. honey!
Hi! I'm Sasha.
What's your name? -
Ouch! - Miss Lollipops.
-Be careful. -Zaley!
Be nice to Mommy's little helper. please.
Miss Lollipops isn't nice.
She bites!
-She's not usually like this. -It's okay. Um...
Call me if you need anything. okay?
Of course!
Have a good time!
Okay. you got this.
Hey! Here are some more.
I know. here.
There we go. A healthy snack coming up.
Healthy? Everything my mom feeds me is green.
Have you seen my tablet? -
Um. no. I haven't. I don't know where it is.
-Candy! -Oh! No. no. no.
Actually. do you want to wreck your stomach and rot your teeth?
I don't think so. right?
Um. I think I have it in here.
Ah!
Kinda fun. right?
My brother used to make those toys for me when I was younger.
He works at Amazon? -
Not exactly. He's a landscaper.
but he loved to make things.
There we go.
He even made me this bracelet.
I like mine more.
Alright. I'm gonna clean. You can get into the food.
Uh...
Wait!
Miss Sitter. what's your real name again?
Um. so can you remember? "S."
Sasha.
-Thanks. Miss Sasha. -For what?
-For being here. -Well. of course. It's my job.
You're not like Mom. She's always busy.
Hey. if you ever need to play and have some fun.
I'm always around. Okay?
Hey. what's wrong? What are you looking for?
Can we go to the park. Miss Sasha?
I think I left my other doll there.
Hm. Mom's orders. She said to stay inside. so...
I'm sure we can find another toy for you...
But she's Miss Lollipop's best friend!
Please...
Okay. But we have to set a rule. alright?
No playtime. we're just there to get your doll. okay?
Sure.
Alright. Eat some food. I'm gonna clean the rest of this up.
Hey!
- Zaley. slow down. -
Where'd the merry-go-round go?
What's that?
-Come on. -Oh! Okay.
Whoa!
Hey. slow down. okay?
Hey. wait. wait. wait!
I thought we were here to get your doll?
I'll be right back.
- I promise. - No. no.
We're just here to get your doll. now you wanna go play?
But my doll's right up there.
My friend said the new slide is special. Please?
Five minutes. Hey! No. no...
Here are some rules. okay. No monkey bars. no swings.
You're gonna meet me at that bench. right?
Okay.
I'm watching! Be careful.
Where are their parents?
For Rosa World #1 Babysitter!
Hey. Zaley?
Your time's up. Hey!
-Zaley. -Miss Sasha...
Time's up.
Hey. where are you going? Zaley?
Don't... Don't!
Zaley?
Hey? Zaley?
Where'd you go?
Look out! -Hey. do you know Zaley?
Why's she here? That's weird.
-Grown-ups don't play here. -Hey! Hey. hey...
Do you know Zaley?
She's blonde and about. like. this tall.
Hey. are you okay?
Okay. guys... This isn't a game. okay?
Alright? I need you guys to back up. I'm not part of this.
Okay. this isn't funny. alright?
Zaley?
Caught you!
Miss Sasha?
I feel dizzy. It's so dark in here.
Boo! -
Okay. breathe. They're just kids.
Zaley? Zaley?
Miss Sasha?
Hey. hey!
[abrupt thumps
Join the fun. it's all inside.
Endless games await in slide.
Stop...
Hey! What's your problem?
I gotta get back to that girl. she needs me.
It's eating the babysitters! The nannies...
What? -The gardeners. maids... Us.
It's eating us.
Okay. you're not making any sense right now. I'm sor--
Miss Sasha?
Oh. Zaley. thank God!
Be careful around her.
She's just a kid. I gotta get back to her. Sorry.
Hey! Oh. thank God you're safe.
Are you hurt. or anything? Are you okay?
My head hurts. Where'd you go?
Oh. no. no. no. Okay. what's going on? Are you alright?
Let's go home. We'll figure this out. Tell me what happened.
- I don't remember. -Alright. let's go.
You have to leave this place.
I can't. I'm her babysitter. It's my job.
Alright. Let's see... You can sit over there.
Was that lady trying to take you away?
Uh... No! No. no. no.
No. uh... I'm handling it. I'm not sure what she wanted.
I'm gonna figure it out.
Zaley? What are you doing out here?
Will you be back after today?
Is there a back door?
If you don't. I'll tell my mom you left me in the playground.
Zaley. you knew we were there just to get your doll.
I'll tell her you left me outside alone.
Alright. Well. see. that's not what happened.
So. when we talk to your mom.
we're just gonna tell her the truth. Right. Zaley?
You work for my mom. so you work for me.
Say you'll stay? Or are you like the others?
The others?
Come on. tea time.
Alright. um. I'm gonna... I'm gonna be right back. okay?
Miss Sasha?
- I don't feel so good. - Oh. okay.
-Um... -Something's making me sick.
Alright. let's see. Let's check it out.
-Help me. -Let's see here.
Oh. whoa!
Okay. you know what? We're gonna clean this up. right now.
It looks like the scab's loose. so we're gonna clean the wound.
Disinfectant. I'll wipe my hands. alright?
-My brain itches. -Okay. let's see. Um...
How's you-- Whoa! -
Oh. Okay. okay. just calm down.
Calm down. calm down. Let's put you down.
What was in that slide?
Alright. let me see. Let me see what's going on.
Argh!
Let go! -Okay. uh. you're...
Okay. Alright. Um...
No. no. no... No. she can't see you like this.
Wait... Zaley. where'd you go?
Get away from me!
Okay. um...
I think this'll work. Let's see.
What're you doing with those?
They're down. They're down. alright? I'll put them away.
I'll put them away. I'll put them away. I'll just use this.
I'll just use this. alright? Let me take a look.
Let me take a look. Let me take a look.
Wait?
Where'd it go?
Are you okay?
-I'm fine. -I'm just...
- I'm so confused. - Who is it?
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
Is it my mom?
Just give me a second to think. alright?
Let me check it one more time. Let me see. turn that way.
Just... just hold on.
Who's there?
It's just Scouts.
Wait. they're gone?
Are they selling cookies?
I'm sure they are.
Oh. my God!
- Okay. Um. you know what... -
Um... Okay. be careful. be careful.
I. uh...
Okay. I think it's best we get you into your room. Okay?
Marco?
Yo! Can't talk. I'm in the weeds.
Literally. We killing weeds. right now.
There's something very wrong with the kids.
Yeah. no shit. They're spoilt brats.
No. no. there were kids at the front door. and...
They were knocking a bunch. And I think the park made them sick.
Hey. are you in your head again?
Look. just. um... just focus on the work. alright?
I need you to pick me up. please. I'm scared.
Sasha. did something happen to the kid you're sitting?
She went inside the slide. There was something in there.
No... No. there isn't. Look. I...
How would you know?
I can see the playground.
We're at a gig that's right next to it. Nothing's wrong.
Just boogery kids and used diapers.
No. no. no. Guys. guys. get away from there.
What's going on with you? Are you okay?
Sasha. you're having bad thoughts again.
We've been through this before and we'll get through it again.
It's been over a year since I've had a panic attack. Marco.
This is something different. okay? Just listen to me.
We need to finish this gig.
-We need this gig. -But. hurry.
Look. I'll pick you up. Um... Just. uh...
Just hang on for me. I... I'm here for you. Sash.
- Okay. - Alright?
Whoa. whoa.
-Marco? -Just... just sit tight.
Marco? Can you hear me?
It's my ball! -Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Guys! Hey. are you okay? -
Whoa! How'd you get out here?
Where are your parents?
Zaley?
But we're just playing. Please!
I didn't say you could invite them!
Okay. you know what?
Come on out. Come on out. Let's get you out of here.
Come on. let's go.
Zaley. I'm not playing any games. Come on.
Whoa! Ow!
Ouch...
Ow. ow...
No. guys...
No!
Whoa!
-Oh. my God! What happened? -I have to go. I can't do this.
What happened to your face? Where's my daughter?
She's in the playroom. But you...
You have to be careful. She snaps on and off.
There's something wrong with her!
-Upset stomach? -No. she attacked me!
You didn't give her candy. did you?
No. you're not listening. I just said--
I know Zaley can be challenging.
But that doesn't give you the right to be rude. It just...
Tell me what happened. honey?
She did this!
Did you hear that?
Zaley can be a handful on her own.
but a playdate with the Dupont twins?
Sweetie. you bit off more than you can chew.
I can't do this. I'm so sorry. I'm leaving. alright?
But I haven't paid you yet. Just stay a moment.
- I... -I'd say a raise is in order.
If I can keep this little snafu between us.
I promise we can still fix this. Okay?
Once we've cleaned up. we can talk about your future.
You know. there's no harder job than raising a child.
And a lot of the mothers. they won't admit it. but...
we need you just as much as you need us.
So thank you for your hard work.
Your blood. your sweat. your tears.
Hey. my baby. My sweetie.
Mommy!
Zaley?! What happened? - No... No!
It was an accident. Right. Zaley?
I can explain. alright?
In the tube slide. and then in the ball pit...
I really think that there's something trying to hurt me.
Call 911.
No. no... I have a first aid kit. I can fix this.
It's not just for Zaley.
I may want to press charges.
And you can forget about the scholarship.
You'll never set foot in Winscott.
I can...
Why are you still here? Go make the call.
Okay. Just breathe.
Remember. we can't stay too long.
What is she doing there?
Okay...
- Okay. -
"A little snack to remember where you're from."
We're running low on weed killer.
Let me get you a refill.
There it is. There it is.
-We gotta get ahead. Come on. -Alright...
-Good? -We got it.
What'd you put in this stuff again?
Oh. man. it's my special sauce.
-That's what you've been saying. -Hey. man. it's...
It's soda...
-You spilling it. -Uh-huh.
With extra syrup.
-That's it? -That's it?
That's what you've been working on this whole time?
Soda with extra syrup?
-So it's just sugar? -It's real science. bro.
Yeah. you know what? This stuff's actually killing.
I'm telling you. man. it's a million-dollar idea.
Yeah! -When I get all rich and famous.
I might as well buy your ass a new truck.
- Alright. deal. -
-Hey. yo. Marco. -Yeah?
Is that your sister?
Sasha?
Oh. my God. Sasha! Did you hurt yourself? Hey!
-Are you okay? -Yeah.
-What the hell happened? -Guys. just get in the truck.
I'll tell you on the way home. okay?
-Hey. D. Get in the truck. -Yeah.
- Let's go. -Okay.
So. you straight-up shanked that kid?
Shit.
Yo. D. can you give us a sec. please?
- Yeah. sure. -
We'll go home.
Thank you.
But what were you thinking? Sasha. you're her babysitter.
I mean. at first I thought I was losing it. but...
Losing it? Again...
That maid with a red cart. I think she was telling the truth.
There's something terrible here.
You're spiraling.
You were hired to take care of this kid.
But I didn't mean to hurt her. It's just...
Hurt her? They'll call the cops on us!
It was self-defense! I mean. that kid was strangling me.
The parents may be in on it. The police. too.
Do you have any idea what a lawyer costs?
-You're not listening-- -That's all your
college funds down the drain.
I told you to not make trouble.
-To keep your head down. -To stay invisible.
Yes. yes. to stay invisible.
You had one job.
I just went through some crazy shit back there.
it's like you don't even care!
Of course. I care.
Look. okay. I get that you don't believe
that I've gotten better. but I've gotten to college.
Why can't you be happy for me?
What are you doing?
Everything I make.
I've been putting it in a savings account under your name.
If it's not for food or for rent...
It's for you. Sasha.
What is that? I don't know what this is.
I never wanted you to work in Coral Grove.
I wish you could've just gone straight to college.
Pa tries. but it's not enough.
Why didn't you say anything?
That's the thing. Sash. I...
I want you to live your life...
On your own terms.
Because when you don't. life ends up choosing for you.
Marco. you...
You don't have to do all this alone.
You should have never had to defer.
I should have worked harder.
I should have worked harder for you.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna clean up. Just stay in the car.
Yo. D?!
So that little shit really strangled her with a yo-yo?
She's been doing better these days. man. So. I don't know.
All I know is she's pretty shaken up.
So we'll have to finish this job tomorrow. Come on.
- Serious question. man. - What?
You think we can patent the weed killer?
Get on Shark Tank?
I don't know. Read the room! Sasha's out of...
Look. just grab the other side of these tie-down straps.
Just grab that and then we can go.
- Okay. Okay! I got it. -Come on!
We need to leave! Come on!
D. did you grab the other two buckets from the solution?
-I'm going as fast as I can! -Okay. Just hurry up.
Marco? Marco! -
Leave the rest of the stuff. we're coming back tomorrow.
-Alright. man. -Come on.
Marco... The playground. It's gone.
-We need to go. -Hold up. I left my soda.
No. D! There's something out here!
Darius!
There's something here. man!
D?!
Is this a fucking playground?
Darius. hurry up!
We gotta go! -Just wait. Darius!
Hey. stop. Wait!
Darius?
Darius!
There he is! Sorry!
I gotta help! -
Darius! Sasha. don't move! Stay here!
Darius!
The gardener let the weeds grow.
Now they claim him down below.
No. no. no! -Marco!
-Marco? -Sasha!
We have to go!
Hey. wait!
We'll call for help on the way. We have to go.
I can't just leave his body down there.
We were friends since we were kids.
-I know. but-- -What am I gonna tell the cops?
-His family? -We'll tell them the truth.
but we have to go.
-Marco. -Okay. okay...
Miss Sasha? -
-Marco. wait! -Sasha? Sasha!
No...
Hey! Can you hear me? Can you see me? Sasha!
No!
Hey! Can you-- Sasha!
No. Hey? Sasha? -
No. no. no.
No!! -
No!
Sir?
What are you doing?
Excuse me.
Miss?
Can I...
Can I use your phone?
Um. what for?
Oh. no... Never mind.
I'll just...
I know wherever you are. you're fighting.
Maid with a red cart...
The red cart.
Make sure it's wrapped tight.
My sister. Sasha. she told me about you.
Just give me five minutes of your time.
She's been taken.
Please?
I warned her. but she's stubborn.
I know. Look. just... Tell me how to help her.
She's gone.
-What? -She's gone.
No. no. she's not gone.
You don't know her like I do. There's a fight in her.
Nothing will swallow that girl up.
You're gonna bleed all over Mrs. Ashford's linen.
I get it...
Keep your nose to the grindstone. no matter what.
That's how we survive.
What if surviving isn't enough?
What if it's time we started living?
Please!
-Five minutes. -Five minutes.
What-- What are they? The red spots?
These are all one. Traps to infect.
Mouths to swallow.
Around them. the kids snap in.
Uses them like sleeper agents. To lure us in. take us...
Then snap back out.
Kids left unaware. as if nothing happened.
When one trap goes away...
another pops up.
So the creature itself is like an ant hill?
A tunnel system?
Yeah. All connected underground.
The kids move between them to swarm their prey.
Infected as one.
I think it infected the girl Sasha was sitting.
We're replaceable.
To them. we're invisible.
Hey. look. I need to find Sasha. Alright? Now!
What's wrong?
-What are you looking at? -It's another trap.
Come on. Come on. let's go.
Another mouth.
This your place? -Mm-hm.
Many of us working-class folks came here 40 years ago.
Sponsored to work in Coral Grove.
Just a few houses that needed working.
But this creature. it was here long before us.
You knew her? -Yeah.
Mabel Grace.
She was the best of us.
She was a good nanny.
You know.
she would've done anything for those homeowners' kids.
She was the first one taken.
She was taken by a playground that...
no one built.
No leads. no investigation...
Nothing.
And those that made noise. they were taken. too.
Disappeared.
Nobody dared work here after that.
Until...
this summer when Coral Grove expanded.
New kids got infected.
And so many new jobs opened up. and...
So...
So much fresh blood.
Easy prey for the hive mind.
So if these people have gone missing. why stay?
I couldn't leave Mabel Grace.
I mean. I... I...
I put my head down. I worked.
And then I waited. I... For years. I...
Did you ever find Mabel Grace?
No.
How am I supposed to find my sister. then?
-Is there a way in? -She's gone.
She's not gone.
Whoa!
Fuck that.
Hey?
You're building new traps.
Stomach acid...
Help me.
I'm sorry.
Help...
Sasha?
Can you hear me?
Hey!
What's up with these fucking dolls?
Hey. you were right. you know?
I can't do this alone.
Look. I brought some of your stuff.
There has to be something in here.
"A bit of sugar to ground you."
The sugar...
Sasha? -
Sasha! -
Hey! -
Hey! Sasha!
-Marco? -Hey! Hey...
-Marco? Yeah. -Is it you?
It was Pa's candy. This thing can't take a sugar rush.
Wait? Where am I? I think there are others.
Hey. It's hard to explain. but you were infected.
Working to keep this ugly thing alive.
Wait. wait? So it swallowed you. too?
No. not at all.
No. I... I came back for you.
I... I thought I lost you.
No. no.
Hey. it's okay. alright? I'm okay. I'm okay.
Okay.
-Pass me that. -This?
-Yeah. let's go. Yeah. -You know a way out?
What? Wait. Marco!
Let's go this way. Follow me.
-Come on. Come on. -Okay.
- Ow. -
Let's go.
How did we get outside?
We're not outside...
We're in deeper now.
Hey! You know what? We should go back.
No. no! They're just kids!
They're not just kids!
They're still in there somewhere.
-We have to go. Just go! Move! -Marco!
Hide behind this playground! Go now! I got this.
- Fuck... -
Stay back! All of you!
Oh!
Oh. my God! Are you okay? Are you--
You skipped your work.
tried to hide.
made a mess. in the hive.
Now you tumbled down the slide.
You're not the monster...
Are you?
This place itself is the monster. and you're its puppet.
No! No! -
Let me clean you up. okay? Here.
Don't let it control you anymore.
Remember who you are.
No!
Sasha! Mabel Grace?
Mabel... Mabel Grace?
Is that your name? I got you.
Don't let this place erase you.
-Hey. Hey! -Sasha?!
No.
-Hey. we have to go. -No. No.
We have to go. We'll call for help once we're out.
She's the first victim.
-She needs our help! -Let's go.
We gotta go. Go.
-Wait. what about the others? -We gotta keep moving. Let's go.
Come on.
-Sasha. come on! -I'm trying!
No! No. no!
What about Mabel?
-What about her? -She's still down there.
The gateway's gonna close. We can't wait.
We'll call someone when we get out.
That's what you wanted. right? Come on.
No. but if we're gonna go back down. we should go now.
What? What. do you want to die down there?
-No! -Well. we need to--
-Come on. -Stay in the shadows?
Be invisible? I'm not gonna do that!
Hey...
We're not the heroes here. That's not how this goes.
What Pa says is right. We need to remember who we are.
Maybe if we get more sugar--
You want to risk your life for strangers?
I just went through hell and back to get you.
-What about them? -I won't lose you.
It's hard to explain. but I could feel their pain.
Anyone we know could be next. How can you not see that?
Sasha. I did everything I can to step up.
To protect you. To...
To protect our family.
That's my burden. and I'll carry it.
But I can't take on the weight of the world. too.
My entire life. I wanted to live in a place like this.
I've dreamed about going to college
and to have spoiled kids. and a nanny and a gardener.
But. God. I don't want that anymore!
Not if it means turning a blind eye.
What do you want then. Sasha?
I want to drag this entire fucking place into the light!
Sasha!
It's sealed.
It might take some convincing.
but I think I know another way back in.
May we find solace...
in the promise of reunion. Your eternal kingdom--
Frances?
I hate to ask for help. but we need yours bad.
We?
And the others?
Some are gone. some infected. But if you help us.
-we may save them. -No. no...
Please.
I mean. weren't some of your friends victims. too?
Frances! Come here!
Just a moment. Mrs. Ashford.
Won't you help us? Please? We need a new way in.
-Leave Coral Grove. -I told you.
-We need to get out of here. -No. wait. wait. Okay. wait.
Hey. look...
Mabel is still alive.
I found the map. Let's go.
Come on!
It's this way. It's another mouth!
Did you see her?
Yeah. Yeah. I saw her.
The day Mabel went missing. she was covering my shift.
The kids that I was supposed to be sitting took her.
- Hey... -They took her.
That favor to me cost her her life.
No! That's too much pressure to be putting on yourself.
It was supposed to be me! It was supposed to be me. you know.
- No! Okay? You stayed. - No!
You remembered her.
-I could've... I could've done-- -Hey. look... She's alive!
Wait.
Here.
It's from her apron. She's gonna be so happy to see you.
Let's bring her home.
-Let's wake them all up. -How?
It's a lot of sugar.
Hey. you think this will work?
I mean. it's stronger than Papi's recipe.
They've got a sweet tooth.
Let's try to hit all the mouths.
Try to burn through them with this powdered sugar.
-Even the closed ones. -Do the parents know about this?
Many were once children of the hive mind.
This infection. it still sits in their veins.
Makes them turn a blind eye.
Be careful. This is all we have left.
Right.
-Be careful. -I will.
Okay. okay.
Honeybee?
Why don't you come here and apologize to my daughter?
What? No big rush now?
Okay. Mrs. Viviers.
I'm giving you a real chance to make things right.
Hey. Zaley.
- Hey. Miss Sasha. -
I-- I really am sorry.
Tell her what you're sorry for.
I'll give you a hint. It's scissor related.
You know. I'm really sorry
that your mom doesn't spend quality time with you
and she hires under-qualified teenagers to babysit.
Who do you think you are?
You know. I guess I'm just the babysitter.
Zaley.
Hey. are you seeing this?
Hey. wait. Mrs. Viviers? -
Hey. are you okay?
- Um... -
Oh. my God.
Round and around like a merry-go-round.
What goes down. then comes up now.
Stop!
Guys. guys. stop...
What?
My children grew up. but wait and see...
For one last game. they come back to me.
We gotta go.
-Come on! -I couldn't hit the slide.
It's okay. we hit the other mouths. Hopefully that's enough.
- The hive mind is still alive. - Wait up!
Mrs. Ashford?
-Frances? -Marco! No. no!
-Please. don't go! -I have to go!
The housekeeper let the dust creep...
The gardener let the weeds seep...
So now you're all Coral Grove's to keep.
Sasha!
I'm sorry.
We're gonna get out of this. Okay?
It's time to reap what you sow...
Marco!
You let the bad weeds grow.
The weed killer!
What's in it?
Soda...
And syrup.
You're fired. honeybee.
I quit!
Thank you. Darius.
Come on. come on! Come on!
Here. Here. Come on! -
-Can you make it to the shark? -Yeah. I think I can.
- Okay. let's go. Right here. -Okay...
Frances. come on!
Sasha. careful!
♪ Somewhere. sometime ♪
♪ You'll find me around If you're dreaming ♪
It's okay. it's okay.
Come on. got you. Easy. easy...
Go slow. go slow.
♪ I'll belong in your arms... ♪
I got you.
I got you. alright? Be careful.
-Ah. okay. Ready? -Here.
- I can help. -You good?
Mabel Grace?
How do I tell you...
how sorry I am?
What happened? Where did your babysitter go?
Can you look after me for once?
Hey. You good to drive? -Yeah? Yeah.
-I'm gonna ride in the back. -Okay.
-Make sure they're okay. -You holding up?
I think we need to get to a hospital asap.
Yeah. got you.
-Hey? Let's um... -Yeah?
Let's take what the slides spat out and dump it in the--
No. no. no... Leave it. Let them see.
-Hey. you guys okay? Okay. -Yeah. Fine. Sasha.
Alright.